_**Disclaimer**: The game file, **superstore_showdown.owl**, is still in progress, and will be finished shortly. Thank you for reading this disclaimer, I very much appreciate it._

# my_game

In this GitHub repository, I have uploaded two games using **YouthDigital**'s OWL Game Creator. 

  The first game file, **my_first_game.owl**, is about a character who has been stranded on one of Jupiter's four biggest moons, Europa, because his ship (seen as an airplane in the game) had malfunctioned and crashed while he was on his way to Pluto, as a evacuation mission, because Earth has been inhabited and invaded by aliens. Unfortunately, the aliens are coming after you, given the reason why you must evacuate from Europa. In order to do so, you must go through a maze with multiple obstacles, and once you reach the end of the maze, your prize will be a new spaceship. The question is, will you be able to go through the maze and receive your new spaceship on time, or will you be invaded by aliens on the moon of Europa?

  The second game file, unfortunately, is not finished as yet, but will be finished shortly. Fortunately, the overall game conflict has developed. This game is not as nail-biting as the first game file, **my_first_game.owl**, but has the same concept to it. In this game, you are a character who has to go through multiple supermarkets, such as *Target*, *Wal-Mart*, *Sam's Club*, *Publix*, *Kroger*, etc., to buy specific items from each and every store you visit, as ordered from your own mother. Unfortunately, there is a twist: You have an allotted amount of time in order to do all your shopping, otherwise, you will die (and I am not joking, because, in every game created in OWL Game Creator, you have only five minutes to complete the game, and if your time is up, at default, you will then die, and respawn at either two places, being a) wherever you started at, or b) where your last hit a checkpoint).

  Overall, both these game files can be uploaded to your **YouthDigital** account, and I highly recommend you play both games (actually, I highly recommend you play the first game, **my_first_game.owl**, and recommend you may or may not want to play the second game, **superstore_showdown**, since that game is still in progress) Thank you for reading my **README.md** file of this repository, and I very much appreciate it.
